README.md, before:

# Vision Instruction Test
Simple test of Llama-3.2-11b-vision-instruct model for detecting damage to structures.


## Example 1

<img src="img/70946284-1c60-4cee-ad03-0b4f56c501e4.jpg" alt="Example 1" width="400"/>

### Model Response
This image depicts a two-story house with a severely damaged roof and garage. The roof appears to have been partially removed, with exposed beams and missing shingles, while the garage door lies on the driveway, seemingly detached from the structure. The house features...

## Example 2

<img src="img/aebbe0fd-86da-411e-9da5-45d06ef4cb74.jpg" alt="Example 1" width="400"/>

### Model Response
This aerial image captures a residential area in the aftermath of a devastating hurricane, showcasing widespread destruction. In the foreground, several houses and buildings are visible, with some still standing and others reduced to rubble. Debris litters the streets and yards, including scattered roofing materials, wood, and other building components. A few palm trees remain standing amidst the devastation...

## Example 3

<img src="img/cf02cc23-3422-4dcb-a617-3b5fdcb1a5f4.jpg" alt="Example 1" width="400"/>

### Model Response
The image does not show any visible structural damage. The house appears to be well-maintained, with no signs of cracks, water damage, or other issues that could indicate structural problems.

Commit message:

Updated to reference Hugging Face example.

README.md, after:

# Vision Instruction Test
Simple test of Llama-3.2-11b-vision-instruct model for detecting damage to structures. This code is a minor modification of the example on [Hugging Face](https://huggingface.co/meta-llama/Llama-3.2-11B-Vision-Instruct).


## Example 1

<img src="img/70946284-1c60-4cee-ad03-0b4f56c501e4.jpg" alt="Example 1" width="400"/>

### Model Response
This image depicts a two-story house with a severely damaged roof and garage. The roof appears to have been partially removed, with exposed beams and missing shingles, while the garage door lies on the driveway, seemingly detached from the structure. The house features...

## Example 2

<img src="img/aebbe0fd-86da-411e-9da5-45d06ef4cb74.jpg" alt="Example 1" width="400"/>

### Model Response
This aerial image captures a residential area in the aftermath of a devastating hurricane, showcasing widespread destruction. In the foreground, several houses and buildings are visible, with some still standing and others reduced to rubble. Debris litters the streets and yards, including scattered roofing materials, wood, and other building components. A few palm trees remain standing amidst the devastation...

## Example 3

<img src="img/cf02cc23-3422-4dcb-a617-3b5fdcb1a5f4.jpg" alt="Example 1" width="400"/>

### Model Response
The image does not show any visible structural damage. The house appears to be well-maintained, with no signs of cracks, water damage, or other issues that could indicate structural problems.
